README.md, before:

# LibreHardwareMonitor
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor)](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/LibreHardwareMonitorLib)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreHardwareMonitorLib/) [![Nuget (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/LibreHardwareMonitorLib?label=nuget-pre)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreHardwareMonitorLib/) [![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/LibreHardwareMonitorLib?label=nuget-downloads)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreHardwareMonitorLib/)

Libre Hardware Monitor, a fork of Open Hardware Monitor, is free software that can monitor the temperature sensors, fan speeds, voltages, load and clock speeds of your computer. 

## What's included?
| Name| .NET | Build Status |
| --- | --- | --- | 
| **LibreHardwareMonitor** <br /> Windows Forms based application that presents all data in a graphical interface | .NET Framework 4.7.2 | [![Build status](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/actions) | 
| **LibreHardwareMonitorLib** <br /> Library that allows you to use all features in your own application | .NET Framework 4.7.2, .NET 8.0, and .NET 9.0 | [![Build status](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/actions) | 

## What can it do?
You can read information from devices such as:
- Motherboards
- Intel and AMD processors
- NVIDIA and AMD graphics cards
- HDD, SSD and NVMe hard drives
- Network cards

## Where can I download it?
You can download the latest release [here](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/releases). You can also install it using WinGet:

```
winget install LibreHardwareMonitor.LibreHardwareMonitor
```

### Nightly builds
If you have a **GitHub** account, you can download nightly builds [here](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/actions). Otherwise, you can download the *latest* nightly build [here](https://nightly.link/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/workflows/master/master/LibreHardwareMonitor-net472.zip).

## How can I help improve it?
The LibreHardwareMonitor team welcomes feedback and contributions!<br/>
You can check if it works properly on your motherboard. For many manufacturers, the way of reading data differs a bit, so if you notice any inaccuracies, please send us a pull request. If you have any suggestions or improvements, don't hesitate to create an issue.

## Developer information
**Integrate the library in own application**
1. Add the [LibreHardwareMonitorLib](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreHardwareMonitorLib/) NuGet package to your application.
2. Use the sample code below.


**Sample code**
```c#
public class UpdateVisitor : IVisitor
{
    public void VisitComputer(IComputer computer)
    {
        computer.Traverse(this);
    }
    public void VisitHardware(IHardware hardware)
    {
        hardware.Update();
        foreach (IHardware subHardware in hardware.SubHardware) subHardware.Accept(this);
    }
    public void VisitSensor(ISensor sensor) { }
    public void VisitParameter(IParameter parameter) { }
}

public void Monitor()
{
    Computer computer = new Computer
    {
        IsCpuEnabled = true,
        IsGpuEnabled = true,
        IsMemoryEnabled = true,
        IsMotherboardEnabled = true,
        IsControllerEnabled = true,
        IsNetworkEnabled = true,
        IsStorageEnabled = true
    };

    computer.Open();
    computer.Accept(new UpdateVisitor());

    foreach (IHardware hardware in computer.Hardware)
    {
        Console.WriteLine("Hardware: {0}", hardware.Name);
        
        foreach (IHardware subhardware in hardware.SubHardware)
        {
            Console.WriteLine("\tSubhardware: {0}", subhardware.Name);
            
            foreach (ISensor sensor in subhardware.Sensors)
            {
                Console.WriteLine("\t\tSensor: {0}, value: {1}", sensor.Name, sensor.Value);
            }
        }

        foreach (ISensor sensor in hardware.Sensors)
        {
            Console.WriteLine("\tSensor: {0}, value: {1}", sensor.Name, sensor.Value);
        }
    }
    
    computer.Close();
}
```

**Administrator rights**

Some sensors require administrator privileges to access the data. Restart your IDE with admin privileges, or add an [app.manifest](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/sbscs/application-manifests) file to your project with requestedExecutionLevel on requireAdministrator.


## License
LibreHardwareMonitor is free and open source software licensed under MPL 2.0. Some parts of LibreHardwareMonitor are licensed under different terms, see [THIRD-PARTY-LICENSES](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/blob/master/THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.txt).

Commit message:

Update README.md - Add Interface with Zabbix

README.md, after:

# LibreHardwareMonitor
[![GitHub license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor)](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/blob/master/LICENSE) [![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/LibreHardwareMonitorLib)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreHardwareMonitorLib/) [![Nuget (with prereleases)](https://img.shields.io/nuget/vpre/LibreHardwareMonitorLib?label=nuget-pre)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreHardwareMonitorLib/) [![Nuget](https://img.shields.io/nuget/dt/LibreHardwareMonitorLib?label=nuget-downloads)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreHardwareMonitorLib/)

Libre Hardware Monitor, a fork of Open Hardware Monitor, is free software that can monitor the temperature sensors, fan speeds, voltages, load and clock speeds of your computer. 

LibreHardwareMonitor to Interface with Windows and Zabbix: https://www.zabbix.com/forum/zabbix-cookbook/53410-openhardwaremonitor-wmi-sensor-discovery-collection#post459052:~:text=Pre%2Dreq%3A%20Install%20the%20Zabbix_Agent2%20client%20on%20your%20windows%20PC.

## What's included?
| Name| .NET | Build Status |
| --- | --- | --- | 
| **LibreHardwareMonitor** <br /> Windows Forms based application that presents all data in a graphical interface | .NET Framework 4.7.2 | [![Build status](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/actions) | 
| **LibreHardwareMonitorLib** <br /> Library that allows you to use all features in your own application | .NET Framework 4.7.2, .NET 8.0, and .NET 9.0 | [![Build status](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/workflows/CI/badge.svg)](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/actions) | 

## What can it do?
You can read information from devices such as:
- Motherboards
- Intel and AMD processors
- NVIDIA and AMD graphics cards
- HDD, SSD and NVMe hard drives
- Network cards

## Where can I download it?
You can download the latest release [here](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/releases). You can also install it using WinGet:

```
winget install LibreHardwareMonitor.LibreHardwareMonitor
```

### Nightly builds
If you have a **GitHub** account, you can download nightly builds [here](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/actions). Otherwise, you can download the *latest* nightly build [here](https://nightly.link/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/workflows/master/master/LibreHardwareMonitor-net472.zip).

## How can I help improve it?
The LibreHardwareMonitor team welcomes feedback and contributions!<br/>
You can check if it works properly on your motherboard. For many manufacturers, the way of reading data differs a bit, so if you notice any inaccuracies, please send us a pull request. If you have any suggestions or improvements, don't hesitate to create an issue.

## Developer information
**Integrate the library in own application**
1. Add the [LibreHardwareMonitorLib](https://www.nuget.org/packages/LibreHardwareMonitorLib/) NuGet package to your application.
2. Use the sample code below.


**Sample code**
```c#
public class UpdateVisitor : IVisitor
{
    public void VisitComputer(IComputer computer)
    {
        computer.Traverse(this);
    }
    public void VisitHardware(IHardware hardware)
    {
        hardware.Update();
        foreach (IHardware subHardware in hardware.SubHardware) subHardware.Accept(this);
    }
    public void VisitSensor(ISensor sensor) { }
    public void VisitParameter(IParameter parameter) { }
}

public void Monitor()
{
    Computer computer = new Computer
    {
        IsCpuEnabled = true,
        IsGpuEnabled = true,
        IsMemoryEnabled = true,
        IsMotherboardEnabled = true,
        IsControllerEnabled = true,
        IsNetworkEnabled = true,
        IsStorageEnabled = true
    };

    computer.Open();
    computer.Accept(new UpdateVisitor());

    foreach (IHardware hardware in computer.Hardware)
    {
        Console.WriteLine("Hardware: {0}", hardware.Name);
        
        foreach (IHardware subhardware in hardware.SubHardware)
        {
            Console.WriteLine("\tSubhardware: {0}", subhardware.Name);
            
            foreach (ISensor sensor in subhardware.Sensors)
            {
                Console.WriteLine("\t\tSensor: {0}, value: {1}", sensor.Name, sensor.Value);
            }
        }

        foreach (ISensor sensor in hardware.Sensors)
        {
            Console.WriteLine("\tSensor: {0}, value: {1}", sensor.Name, sensor.Value);
        }
    }
    
    computer.Close();
}
```

**Administrator rights**

Some sensors require administrator privileges to access the data. Restart your IDE with admin privileges, or add an [app.manifest](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/sbscs/application-manifests) file to your project with requestedExecutionLevel on requireAdministrator.


## License
LibreHardwareMonitor is free and open source software licensed under MPL 2.0. Some parts of LibreHardwareMonitor are licensed under different terms, see [THIRD-PARTY-LICENSES](https://github.com/LibreHardwareMonitor/LibreHardwareMonitor/blob/master/THIRD-PARTY-NOTICES.txt).
